# host
host, router.asus.com, direct
host, api.fuqing.ch, direct
host, int.taobaocdn2.xyz, direct
host, cdn3.jiuse.cloud, direct
host, asf-doc.mushroomtrack.com, direct
host, cdn52.akamai-content-network.com, direct
host, www.appstorrent.ru, direct

# host-suffix
host-suffix, apple.co, direct
host-suffix, apple.com, direct
host-suffix, apple.com.cn, direct
host-suffix, aaplimg.com, direct
host-suffix, apple-cloudkit.com, direct
host-suffix, apple-dns.net, direct
host-suffix, cdn-apple.com, direct
host-suffix, icloud.com, direct
host-suffix, icloud-content.com, direct
host-suffix, itunes.com, direct
host-suffix, me.com, direct
host-suffix, mzstatic.com, direct
host-suffix, digicert.com, direct
host-suffix, cdn20.com, direct
host-suffix, akadns.net, direct
host-suffix, appsto.re, direct
host-suffix, akamaiedge.net, direct
host-suffix, edgekey.net, direct
host-suffix, mwcloudcdn.com, direct
host-suffix, mwcname.com, direct
host-suffix, apple-mapkit.com, direct
host-suffix, applemx-icloud.com, direct
host-suffix, icloud-isupport.com, direct
host-suffix, icloudads.net, direct
host-suffix, icloudbox.net, direct
host-suffix, icloudbrowser.net, direct
host-suffix, icloudmusic.net, direct
host-suffix, icloudmail.net, direct
host-suffix, icloudnet.net, direct
host-suffix, icloudpay.net, direct
host-suffix, icloudsecure.net, direct
host-suffix, myicloud.net, direct
host-suffix, icloud-sandbox.com, direct
host-suffix, apple-livephotoskit.com, direct
host-suffix, xiaopeng.com, direct
host-suffix, paypal.com, direct
host-suffix, paypal.me, direct
host-suffix, paypalobjects.com, direct
host-suffix, workingcopyapp.com, direct
host-suffix, gitee.com, direct
host-suffix, contentstack.io, direct
host-suffix, hp-mns.com, direct
host-suffix, ws-hp.com, direct
host-suffix, roamprint.com, direct
host-suffix, urbanairship.com, direct
host-suffix, hpsmart.com, direct
host-suffix, hp.com, direct
host-suffix, jd.com, direct
host-suffix, jin10.com, direct
host-suffix, taobao.com, direct
host-suffix, alicdn.com, direct
host-suffix, alipay.com, direct
host-suffix, xiami.com, direct
host-suffix, mi.com, direct
host-suffix, baidu.com, direct
host-suffix, 360buyimg.com, direct
host-suffix, weibo.com, direct
host-suffix, qq.com, direct
host-suffix, qcloud.com, direct
host-suffix, tencent.com, direct
host-suffix, wechat.com, direct
host-suffix, myqcloud.com, direct
host-suffix, cmbchina.com, direct
host-suffix, cmbimg.com, direct
host-suffix, huya.com, direct
host-suffix, douyu.com, direct
host-suffix, qidian.com, direct
host-suffix, sspai.com, direct
host-suffix, zhihu.com, direct
host-suffix, hupu.com, direct
host-suffix, dmall.com, direct
host-suffix, meituan.com, direct
host-suffix, meituan.net, direct
host-suffix, dianping.com, direct
host-suffix, ithome.com, direct
host-suffix, amap.com, direct
host-suffix, autonavi.com, direct
host-suffix, tmall.com, direct
host-suffix, sina.com, direct
host-suffix, ipip.net, direct
host-suffix, douban.com, direct
host-suffix, steamcontent.com, direct
host-suffix, steampowered.com, direct
host-suffix, steamstatic.com, direct
host-suffix, battle.net, direct
host-suffix, blizzard.com, direct
host-suffix, pinduoduo.com, direct
host-suffix, xunlei.com, direct
host-suffix, sandai.net, direct
host-suffix, yinfans.net, direct
host-suffix, torrentmac.net, direct
host-suffix, mac-torrent-download.net, direct
host-suffix, zaobao.com, direct
host-suffix, local, direct
host-suffix, cn, direct

# apple
ip-cidr, 17.0.0.0/8, direct
ip-cidr, 63.92.224.0/19, direct
ip-cidr, 65.199.22.0/23, direct
ip-cidr, 139.178.128.0/18, direct
ip-cidr, 144.178.0.0/19, direct
ip-cidr, 144.178.36.0/22, direct
ip-cidr, 144.178.48.0/20, direct
ip-cidr, 192.35.50.0/24, direct
ip-cidr, 198.183.17.0/24, direct
ip-cidr, 205.180.175.0/24, direct

# ip-cidr
ip-cidr, 10.0.0.0/8, direct
ip-cidr, 127.0.0.0/8, direct
ip-cidr, 172.16.0.0/12, direct
ip-cidr, 192.168.0.0/16, direct
ip-cidr, 224.0.0.0/24, direct
ip-cidr, 182.254.116.0/24, direct
ip-cidr, 198.11.128.0/18, direct

# geoip
geoip, cn, direct
